The way I approach designing software is first to get a good understanding of what the final product should be.  New skills would be simply working with OpenGL for this class.  I have never developed any graphics other than basic UIs.  I planned out my project each week by utilizing what we were leanring.  In future work I will be able to render a 3D environment if I ever needed to include one in any of my development.

I apporach developing programs by first starting with the basics.  I have standard templates from past work that I use to get started and code examples for common tasks in my own library if not already avaialble.  My new strategies from this class were to build each object and start to see how it could be manipulated.  I Build the squares, pyramids, and then the difficult challenge of rendering a sphere.  Each week I would add addtional features to my scene util it was complete.  I'm not sure that the way I develop has changed during the project.  I pretty much followed my own process that has worked in the past and was able to get everything working.

Computer science has always been very interesting to me.  I did at one time want to be a software engineer, but have since found my place in information security.  Completeing my degree will help further my carrer options.  For applying these skills to future educational pathways, I only see that if I happen to change my mind and get back to software development as my end goal.  I'm sure this information will assist in completing future courses and that is my main focus right now.  Other than that I really don't see me using this for anything beyond education.  